README.md, before:

sublime-dreams
==============

A Sublime Text 2 Theme/Build System for Dream Maker (http://byond.com)

Highlighting
============
Currently correctly highlighting:
* All language keywords
* Pre-processor macros
* Strings (single and double quote)
* Proc names (including built-in procs)
* Numeric variables
* Built-in functions
* Language constants
* Embedded expressions
* Operators (most themes ignore these)
* DMF files

Autocompletion
==============
Currently there is an autocompletion entry for every variable that I could glean out of the reference. I have also added this feature for procs. They can be tabbed through much like the snippets below.

Themes
======
We provide two themes: Dark Dreams and Light Dreams. Light Dreams is what a DM programmer is most familiar with - it's the exact same color scheme. Dark Dreams is a dark theme that matches DMs specific syntax, except in a dark theme.

Build System
============
The build system currently only has the option to build an individual file or an environment. It searches for an environment by checking each parent folder recursively until it finds a .dme file. If it does not find one, it will only compile the current file. If multiple environments are found in the same folder, the first one will be chosen. 

There are options to launch the environment in Dream Seeker or Dream Daemon. By default, **running a new Dream Seeker instance will kill a previous one**. This helps prevent RSC locking and makes testing a bit easier.

Snippet Autocompletion
======================

Currently supported are:

def\<tab> 
expands to:

```
#ifndef SYMBOL
#define SYMBOL value
#endif
```

if\<tab>
expands to:
```
if (/* condition */)
	/* code */
```

do\<tab>
expands to:
```
do
	/* code */
while (/* condition */);
```

for\<tab>
expands to:
```
for (var i = 0; i < count; ++i)
	/* code */
```

forin\<tab>
expands to:
```
for (var i in 1 to count)
	/* code */
```

forinstep\<tab>
expands to:
```
for (var i in 1 to count step 2)
	/* code */
```

To make the most of the snippet auto-completion, after the initial tab, keep hitting tab to change positions.

Got useful snippets? Send a pull request!

Potential Future Features
=========================
*  Auto-reboot DreamDaemon on build
*  Auto-join DreamDaemon as self
*  Auto-join DreamDaemon with x keys/guests
*  Update DME with new file entries

Commit message:

updates README and package file

README.md, after:

sublime-dreams
==============

A Sublime Text 3 Theme/Build System for Dream Maker (http://byond.com)
Adapted from the Sublime Text 2 sublime-dreams package (https://github.com/seiyria/sublime-dreams)

Installation
============
1. Dowload the zip. Extract it. Rename the folder 'Dream Maker'
2. From Sublime Text 3 select Preferences->Browse Packages
3. Copy the 'Dream Maker' folder there
4. Restart Sublime Text 3

Highlighting
============
Currently correctly highlighting:
* All language keywords
* Pre-processor macros
* Strings (single and double quote)
* Proc names (including built-in procs)
* Numeric variables
* Built-in functions
* Language constants
* Embedded expressions
* Operators (most themes ignore these)
* DMF files

Autocompletion
==============
Currently there is an autocompletion entry for every variable that I could glean out of the reference. I have also added this feature for procs. They can be tabbed through much like the snippets below.

Themes
======
We provide two themes: Dark Dreams and Light Dreams. Light Dreams is what a DM programmer is most familiar with - it's the exact same color scheme. Dark Dreams is a dark theme that matches DMs specific syntax, except in a dark theme.

Build System
============
The build system currently only has the option to build an individual file or an environment. It searches for an environment by checking each parent folder recursively until it finds a .dme file. If it does not find one, it will only compile the current file. If multiple environments are found in the same folder, the first one will be chosen. 

There are options to launch the environment in Dream Seeker or Dream Daemon. By default, **running a new Dream Seeker instance will kill a previous one**. This helps prevent RSC locking and makes testing a bit easier.

Snippet Autocompletion
======================

Currently supported are:

def\<tab> 
expands to:

```
#ifndef SYMBOL
#define SYMBOL value
#endif
```

if\<tab>
expands to:
```
if (/* condition */)
	/* code */
```

do\<tab>
expands to:
```
do
	/* code */
while (/* condition */);
```

for\<tab>
expands to:
```
for (var i = 0; i < count; ++i)
	/* code */
```

forin\<tab>
expands to:
```
for (var i in 1 to count)
	/* code */
```

forinstep\<tab>
expands to:
```
for (var i in 1 to count step 2)
	/* code */
```

To make the most of the snippet auto-completion, after the initial tab, keep hitting tab to change positions.

Got useful snippets? Send a pull request!

Potential Future Features
=========================
*  Auto-reboot DreamDaemon on build
*  Auto-join DreamDaemon as self
*  Auto-join DreamDaemon with x keys/guests
*  Update DME with new file entries
